In order to add React to our application, we'll need to,
just as we did with Redux,
come into the head section of our app,
and add a few different scripts.
So, what we have here is React using 16.3,
which is the newest version.
We also have react-dom,
and then we also need to include Babel,
so that we can transpile or compile
our GSX code in to normal JavaScript that the browser can understand.
And by including it as a script tag,
then Babel is just going to do that on the fly as we save our app.
Now, let's head to the bottom of our index.HTML file.
And we will start building out some React components.
What I'm going to do is create a new script tag here with a type of text/babel,
so Babel will know which code it needs to compile.
Then what I'm also going to do is,
if you're using sublime,
you can go ahead and change your syntax highlighter to be from HTML to Babel JavaScript.
And this isn't going to be perfect because we have HTML code,
because we're in an HTML file,
we have JavaScript, and we also have GSX.
So, throughout the rest of this course,
this syntax highlighting is going to be a little bit off.
It'll be good enough to work with,
but it won't be perfect.
But know that once we start breaking these out into separate modules like we normally do,
then all of those issues will just go away magically.
So, the very first thing we want to do is let's make
a new component here. We will call it app.
It's going to extend React.Component.
And the reason that we can use React again is because when we included the React script,
that added a global property on our app called React.
So, as always, we can have a render method here.
And for now, let's just return a div,
and inside of here, let's say app.
And then now, just as we normally do as well,
we want to call ReactDOM.render.
As its first argument,
we want to create our app element,
and then the second argument,
what we want to do is we want to tell it where it needs to mount to.
So, inside at the top of our body right here, let's go ahead,
and at the very bottom here,
we'll add a little break with an hr,
and then what we will do is let's have a div.
We'll give it an id of app,
and this is the divs that we can mount to.
So now, at the bottom of this file,
we can say, ReactDom.render pass it.
The element, and then we can say document.getElementbyID app.
So now, if we refresh our app,
what we should see is up here we have our normal Javascript app,
and then down here,
we have our React app.
So, for now, what we're going to do is let us just build out some of
the skeletons of the components that we will be using.
So, we're going to have a state list functional component called list.
Eventually, what it's going to do is it's going to take an array
and then it's going to map over that creating a few list items.
But for now, we will just return an unordered list and then a list item
that just says lists and then we also want to create a todos component,
which is going to extend the React.Component.
It will have a render method here.
And for now, we can just return a div,
we'll set todos and then we will render state list component.
And then we are going to have our last component here,
which is going to be a goals component
and we will just say Goals and then render the list as well.
So now, inside of our app component,
lets render Todos, then we'll also render some Goals.
So, if we look at our app now,
we should still have
a pretty basic React app because we're not really doing anything yet.
But now, what we've done is we've created
the basic components that we're going to be building
out in order to add functionality specifically to our React application.